All righty, so just moving right ahead,
in this video we'll cover steps four and five
of creating a repository,
and also creating a service.
So we'll move on to our DAO package
and we'll create a new JPA repository,
the CustomerRepository.
And be sure to choose interface,
because remember with spring data JPA,
we simply define an interface
and they give us all of the functionality for free.
So here's our Customer Repository interface
and we simply extend JPA repository.
We give a reference to our entity class,
comma the primary key type.
And so that's customer comma long.
So customer's our entity type,
long is the primary key type.
And the reason we're using customer here,
because the customer has a collection of orders.
So when a purchase comes across,
we'll grab the customer,
assemble it accordingly
and then we'll save the actual customer
using his customer repository.
All righty, so that's our repository.
Let's go ahead and take a look at creating our service.
So the one thing I need to do is create a service package.
In this package,
I'll create a new interface for my checkout service.
Check out service, be sure to choose interface.
And we'll define one method
that we'll have here for our checkout.
So it's called Place Order.
We'll pass on that purchase DTO
and then we'll send back the purchase response
and we've created these classes already,
so you know what they're all about.
All righty, so let's go ahead
and create our new Java class CheckoutServiceImpl.
And what we'll do is
we'll implement the checkout service interface.
And it's going to give us some errors,
but that's okay,
we simply go through
and let the ID implement those methods for us.
Right, that looks good.
And since this is a service implementation,
I need to annotate this class with at service
such that Spring will pick it up during component scanning.
So remember from our architecture,
our service will make use of a repository,
the spring data JPA repository,
that's the CustomerRepository that we've just created.
And then I'll set up a constructor here
to inject that repository.
And so in this case,
the autowired are optional
since we only have one constructor,
so we really don't need it.
So I'll simply take it off.
Spring will know how to autowire
and inject this automatically
since there's only one constructor.
All righty so this looks pretty good, I'm happy with it.